{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red33\green33\blue33;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c50196;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13900\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\
PRIVACY POLICY
\fs24   
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 	The CollegeHunch
\fs20 \cf2 \up10 \'ae
\fs24 \cf0 \up0  mobile application (the "\ul App\ulnone ") is an app that will enable you, through your iOS device ("\ul Mobile Device\ulnone "), to view information about colleges and universities (\'93\ul Colleges\ulnone \'94). Among other things, it enables you to save information about particular Colleges in \'93\ul Favorites\ulnone \'94 and \'93\ul Clippings\ulnone ,\'94 compare Colleges to one another, and add dates to your Mobile Device calendar.
\f1 \
\

\f0 	The App is provided by Stipend, LLC (\'93\ul Stipend\ulnone \'94 or \'93\ul we\ulnone \'94). To maintain and operate the App, we work with various third-party service providers (\'93\ul Service Providers\ulnone "). Service Providers include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technologies, services and/or content for hosting the App, updating the data in the App, analyzing the operation of the App (\'93\ul Mobile Analytics\ulnone \'94), advertising and marketing, and customer services.\
\
   	This privacy policy describes the personally identifying information and other information that is collected when you use the App, how it is used, and with whom it is shared. \
\
	By providing us with the personally identifying information that is described below, you expressly consent to our collecting that information and to our using, storing and sharing it as provided in this privacy policy.
\f1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Information that is collected when you use the App\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Personally identifying information and other information you provide to us directly
\b0 . 
\f2  You do not have to register with us to use the App. But in order to use the account-specific features of the App, such as saving Colleges to favorites, adding Colleges to a spreadsheet, or sorting or filtering Colleges by criteria you choose, you must sign up. If you do decide to register without signing up through Facebook\up10 \'ae\up0  or Twitter\up10 \'ae\up0 , we ask you for your first and last name and email address. We also ask for, but you do not have to provide, your gender, whether you are a student, parent or counselor, and if you are a student, what high-school class you are in.
\f1 \
\

\f0\b Other information you provide to us indirectly. 
\f2\b0 Other information that may be collected when you use the App includes the searches you conduct, the Colleges you list in your \'93Favorites,\'94 the Colleges you compare, the information you save in your \'93Clippings,\'94 the way in which you filter the Colleges that you are reviewing, and your tap and swipe behavior, which refers to the way in which you browse and use the App. We, or Our Mobile Analytics Service Provider, may collect this information by setting cookies on your Mobile Device or using other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons
\f1 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Personally identifying Information and other information we may receive from third parties.
\b0  
\f2 We may receive personally identifying information and other information about you from third parties. For example, if you access the App through a third-party connection or log-in, such as Twitter\up10 \'ae\up0  or Facebook\up10 \'ae\up0  Connect, or by \'93following\'94 or \'93liking\'94 the App, or linking the App to that service, that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to us. Such information may include the user ID associated with that account (such as your Facebook\up10 \'ae\up0  I.D.), an access token necessary to access that service, any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made public in connection with that service. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the App.
\f1 \
\

\f0\b Device identifiers.
\b0  
\f2 When you access the App through your Mobile Device, we and our Service Providers may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store information about your Mobile Device, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifier, browser type and language, serial number, mobile device phone number, and mobile network information (collectively, \'93\ul Device Identifiers\ulnone \'94).
\f1 \
\

\f0\b Location data.
\b0 \'a0 
\f2 When you access the App through your Mobile Device, we and our Service Providers may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store \'93\ul Location Data,\ulnone \'94 which may include GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your Mobile Device. Location Data may convey to us information about how you browse and use the App as well as your current location. If you enabled location tracking when you launched the App, you can review or change your setting later on your Mobile Device
\f1 .\
\

\f0\b Other information. 
\f2\b0 When you access the App through your Mobile Device, we and our Service Providers also may access device state information and information about how the App functions on your Mobile Device.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \'a0 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Use of information
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b  
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 To help you find Colleges
\b0 . 
\f2 Your searches, filters, and other activities within the App will indicate the kind of College you may be looking for, what aspects of Colleges may be important to you, and/or in what geographical location you may want to attend college. Based on that information, we may provide you with information about Colleges that are similar to or located near a College you have looked at or are looking at, information about Colleges and points of interest in the geographical area in or from which you are using the App, and other customized information that we think may be useful to you in your search for a College
\f1 .\
\

\f0\b To facilitate use of the App
\b0 . 
\f2 We and our Service Providers use information we collect to (i) remember you so that you will not have to log in each time you use the App, (ii) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in, (iii) compile aggregate metrics such as total number of users, traffic, and demographic patterns, (iv) diagnose or fix technology problems, (v) solicit your feedback about crashes, fixes and updates and invite you to beta test updates of the App, and (vi) automatically update the App on your Mobile Device.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 To send you service and promotional information
\b0 . 
\f2 We and our Service Providers may use your email address and other information we collect or receive through the App to send you reminders, changes/updates, and technical and security notices related to the App, and promotions and special offers related to the App or other products and services, by emails or push notifications to your Mobile Device.  Emails that are sent to you through the App may use web beacons to track when you open and act on those emails.
\f1 \

\f0\b \
Disclosure and sharing of personally identifying information 
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b Disclosure Service providers
\b0 . 
\f2 We may provide your personally identifying information and other information that we collect to our Service Providers. Service Providers\'92 access to your personally identifying information is limited to the information reasonably necessary for them to perform their limited functions.
\f1 \
\

\f0\b Disclosure for legal reasons
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0 We may disclose your personally identifying information and other information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law or regulation or judicial or administrative order, to protect the safety of any person, to address fraud, security or technical issues, or to protect Stipend\'92s rights or property. However, nothing in this privacy policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party\'92s, including a government\'92s, request to disclose your personally identifying information.
\f1 \
\

\f0 If Stipend is acquired by or merged into another company, or if the App is sold to another company, we will make that information available to that company to use in the ways described above, to enable it to continue the business of operating the App.
\f1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Rights of California residents
\b0 . If you are a California resident, and you want to find out the names of any third parties with whom we share your personally identifying information under California\'92s privacy law (Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code \'a7 22575 et seq.), send a request to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:info@collegehunch.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 info@collegehunch.com}} and within thirty (30) days, we will provide you with that information.
\f1 \
\

\f0\b Disclosure of other information\
\
Disclosure to Colleges. 
\f2\b0 We may share data about how people use the App with Colleges and with companies that provide data to Colleges, but we will not share any personally identifying information or any other information that would enable anyone to identify you or any individual user.
\f0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Disclosure by third parties. 
\f2\b0 Third parties such as Twitter (if you use it to log in) may disclose aggregate end-user data.
\f1 \
\

\f0\b Storage of information \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 We store all information that we collect through the App in the App on your Mobile Device and on servers operated by third parties. These servers are currently located in the United States, but in the future they may be located in other countries and jurisdictions. You consent to have your personally identifying information, and the other information that may be collected when you use the App, collected, stored and processed in the App on your Mobile Device and on servers in the United States and other countries and jurisdictions. If you back up your personal data on your Mobile Device, then you consent to have your personally identifying information stored and processed on the servers and other devices you choose for that purpose. \
\
Some Service Providers may automatically retain and store on their own servers data that they collect when you use the App. 
\f1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Transfer of information
\f1\b0  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 We may transfer information that we collect about you, including personally identifying information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. \
\
If you are located in the European Union or other regions whose laws governing data collection and use may differ from the laws of the United States, please note that we may transfer information, including personally identifying information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of such information to the United States or any other country in which we or our Service Providers operate or maintain facilities.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b Management of information
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0 To keep your personally identifying information accurate, current, and complete, log in and change it, or contact {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:info@collegehunch.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 info@collegehunch.com}}
\f1 .  \
\

\f0 You have the right to have us provide you or a third party you specify with a copy of your personally identifying information that we process or control or to require that it be erased. Please note that if you delete your personally identifying information from the App (and/or from our Service Providers), we may not be able to provide you with some or all of the features that the App offers.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Opting out of collection of your information\'a0 for tracking and advertising
\b0   \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sb28\sa28\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 Check the settings on your Mobile Device to see whether and to what extent you can delete or disable tracking mechanisms. Disabling cookies and/or other tracking tools may prevent us from tracking your activities in relation to the App, but it also may disable some of the features available on the App.
\f1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Protection of information \
\

\f2\b0 You are responsible for maintaining the privacy of your unique password and account information and for controlling access to your communications from the App at all times. \
\
Your personally identifying information will be stored in secure third-party data centers. Nevertheless, we cannot (i) ensure or warrant the security of any information that you store on the App (or any personally identifying information that you transmit when you use the App) or (ii) guarantee that information stored on or transmitted through the App may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. If any personally identifying information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation, and where appropriate, we will notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. \
\
We are not responsible for the collection, use and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, or any other app developer, app provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including for any personally identifying information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the App.
\f1 \
\

\f0\b Children \
\

\f2\b0 We do not knowingly collect personally identifying information from anyone under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifying information, we will take steps to delete such information and close the child's account.
\f1 \
\

\f0 If you are a parent or guardian, and you become aware that your child has provided us with personally identifying information without your consent, please contact us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:info@collegehunch.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 info@collegehunch.com}}
\f1  
\f2 and we will take steps to delete all such information and close the child\'92s account
\f1 .\
\

\f0\b Changes to this policy \
\

\f2\b0 You will see an in-app notification or receive an email (if we have your email address) if our practices concerning the collection, storage, use or disclosure of personally identifying information and other information change in a material way.
\f1 \
\

\f0 This privacy policy was last updated on 
\b August 3, 2018
\b0 . Prior versions are dated August 30, 2015, February 3, 2016 and May 20, 2018.
\f1 \
}